# How Xela stopped being a neet
Xela is a neet. He's 16 and the last time he saw the light of day was 16 years ago. Currently he lives in his moms basement. In his room is only one small window but it's covered with poster of a pink haired girl (probably girl). His room is covered in junk you could find pretty much everything here KFC boxes, pizza boxes with leftovers, tissues, clothing everywhere, spilled milk, overflowing bin, tissues, lego pieces, cans... So yeah Xela is neet like any other. But on the doomsday twelve of june tweny twenytwo his mom descended to his room and said with her godly voice: "hey Xela go buy some eggs to the convenience store". Xela grabbed with his giant hand crazy wolf can drank it in one gulp and threw the can on floor. Then he gathered all his strenght to stand up from his D.Va edition gaming chair. Step after step he came from mom's basement while his feets where making sticky sounds. Then he opened the door... Even though he looked down the light reflection from the ground made him blind for severel minutes, skin on his hands immideatally started to peel he knew that his live is on the line he started moving as fast as he could resulting in him walking point five kilometer per hour. Then the first obstacle came... Curb, Xela had to cross the street to reach the store across from his house, but there wasn't crosswalk anywhere near luckily 40 meters along the road there was lowerd curb he had to walk whole **three hundred** seconds to reach it and then he had to walk fifty more seconds to cross the road. After that and another three hundred second walk he reached the convenience store. With his last drops of energy he took energy drink can from the shelf gave money to chashier and immideataly left not even taking his change because of his social anxiety. Once he left the store he drank the energy drink and with his new energy he vas convinced thah he can walk down the curb, cross the road and go straight back to his room. But that was a mistake, the moment he put his leg from the sidewolk he lost his balance and fell. He cried he screemed he begged for help but there was no one to hear his voice. Xela was a neet.